Add info about missed appdmg to docs (#794)
Automattic/studio: docs/code-contributions.md

brew install python3 python-setuptools
```

> [!TIP]

> > If you encounter the error `Error: Cannot find module 'appdmg'`, ensure that `setuptools` is installed in your environment.

Reviewer: Should we link to this package on npm: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cowasm/python-setuptools?activeTab=dependencies to be clear which `setuptools` we are referring to?

Reviewer: actually, ignore my comment, I see that it is mentioned more explicitly on the top of the document 👍

> > If you encounter the error `Error: Cannot find module 'appdmg'`, ensure that `setuptools` is installed in your environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If you encounter `Error: Cannot find module 'appdmg'` error, ensure that `python-setuptools` are installed in your environment according to the previous steps.
```

I suggest to move it to the end of 'Running the App' section, too, as this error would occur at that time.

Author: Good point, adjusted and moved to the end of 'Running the App'
